c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\ForlamisQuiz.UI.dll
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\ForlamisQuiz.UI.pdb
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\obj\Debug\ForlamisQuiz.UI.dll
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\obj\Debug\ForlamisQuiz.UI.pdb
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\FormalisQuiz.DependencyInjectionLayer.dll
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\FormalisQuiz.Models.dll
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\FormalisQuiz.Models.pdb
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\FormalisQuiz.DependencyInjectionLayer.pdb
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\obj\Debug\FormalisQuiz.UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\FormalisQuiz.DataLayer.dll
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\FormalisQuiz.Utilities.dll
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\FormalisQuiz.DataLayer.pdb
c:\users\baydek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FormalisQuiz\FormalisQuiz\UI\ForlamisQuiz.UI\bin\FormalisQuiz.Utilities.pdb
